add simple quickstart to rimpl docs (#163)
Green-Software-Foundation/ief: docs/Rimpl.md

# Rimpl

## Introduction

Rimpl is a command line tool that computes [Impl (Impact YAML)](Impl%20(Impact%20YAML).md) files. 

## Quickstart

```
rimpl 
-impl [path to the input impl file]
-ompl [path to the output impl file]

> -format [yaml|csv] (not yet implemented)

Reviewer: @jawache do we need `format` flag?

Author: let's remove for now as it is not implemented - we can revisit if this feature is added later.
```suggestion
```

## Export (TBD)

> > It is curently only possible to export data as an `ompl` (output yaml). Other export options will be implemnted soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is currently only possible to export data as an `ompl` (output yaml). Other export options will be implemented soon.
```
